[ Cawing ]
♪♪ [ Rock ]
[ Man ]
♪ We hit the city and ♪
♪ It swallow you whole ♪
♪ You got
no friends, darlin’ ♪
♪ To satisfy your soul ♪
♪ Hard row to hoe
all by yourself ♪
♪♪ [ Tejano On Car Stereo ]
[ Men Chattering
In Spanish ]
[ Switching Channels ]
♪ I’m just another
walking dead ♪
[ Gunshots ]
[ Glass Shattering ]
They sell birdseed, ese.
Are you kidding me, man?
In the back.
White boy was right.
M4s.
Niners had
a special order.
Full auto, laser scopes.
Niggers still
couldn’t hit shit.
[ Laughter ]
[ Creaking ]
- Shh.
- [ Man ]
Grab the other end.
Load the M4s and Glocks
in the truck, huh?
Up here.
What about the other
guns and shit?
Torch it.
♪♪ [ Rock On Radio ]
Hey, Louise.
[ Chuckles ]
You know, you can
buy these by the case.
Be a lot cheaper.
Nah. A box at a time
keeps me humble.
Get a pack of smokes too,
darlin’.
It was my favorite.
[ Fire Whooshing
In Distance ]
What the hell is that?
[ Explosion ]
Oh, shit!
[ Man ]
♪ Walk out on me ♪
♪ Walk out on him ♪
♪ You need no man ♪
♪ To do you in ♪
♪ But if the night gets dark
all is still ♪
♪ I’ll pray for you
You know I will ♪
♪ Hard row to hoe
all by yourself ♪
♪ But if the night gets dark
all is still ♪
♪ I’ll pray for you
You know I will ♪
♪ Hard row to hoe
all by yourself ♪
♪ All by yourself ♪
♪ All by yourself ♪♪
What the hell happened?
Propane tanks caught fire.
Ammo was in there.
The place just blew.
Shit.
Yeah, and the fire dick
says it was arson.
Saw a lot
of boot prints.
Cowboy boots?
Yeah, I think so.
Shit-eatin’ Mayans, man.
Where the hell
was Rodrigo?
No sign of
your watchman.
What’s the exposure?
Officially?
Me and the fire department.
The fire captain
can be convinced
to rethink his report.
Unofficially?
Unofficially, this blast
was seen in two counties.
This location is dead.
Jesus Christ.
The M4s?
Gone, as are
most of the Glocks.
[ Grunts Loudly ]
Get the firemen
on board.
Don’t want this shit
hittin’ A.T.F.’s radar.
Let’s get out of here.
Hold on. You gotta
see something else.
Do we really?
- [ Insects Buzzing ]
- Goddamn.
Fried and refried.
[ Man ]
They’re illegals.
Part of our assembly crew.
We found them before
the F.D. went through.
Well, after
the smoke clears,
get rid of the bodies.
What am I supposed to tell
our boys up in Oaktown?
I’m supposed to deliver
five cases to Leroy and his crew
before tomorrow morning.
Call the gangster hotline,
set a meetin’.
Right.
Two in the back
of the head.
Quick and painless.
It ain’t easy being king.
Yeah.
You remember that.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
♪♪ [ Rock ]
[ Man ]
♪ Can’t stop the world
The world is beating ♪
♪ Last stop
The final curtain call ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Some days you’re the Beamer,
some days you’re
the goddamn deer.
Some yuppie creamed her
up at the streams.
He run into it,
or hit a tree while
it was giving him head?
How the hell you want me
to get it out of there?
Come on.
Jesus, man.
Just pretend it’s
"Carve your own steak" night
at Sizzler.
I don’t eat meat, man.
Figure it out, grunt.
What the hell happened?
Mayans torched
the warehouse.
Stole the Niners’
M4s.
Holy shit.
Clay’s gone to
sit down with Leroy,
try and buy some time.
Niners already paid
for that hardware.
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
That’s the tricky part.
Hey, Ma.
Did you go to storage?
Not yet.
Well, if there’s
something you can use–
I haven’t looked through
that baby stuff in years.
I’m sure
anything will help.
[ Woman ]
Still coming to dinner
tomorrow night?
I’m picking up steaks
from the German.
Oh, you know it.
You should bring Chibs
and that new kid.
- [ Groaning ]
- The new kid doesn’t eat meat.
[ Retching ]
[ Woman ]
Don’t patch him in.
Can’t trust anyone
doesn’t eat meat.
Hey, you heard from
my crazy ex-wife at all?
Never answers her goddamn phone.
That’s ’cause
she knows it’s you.
Yeah, well,
she’s supposed to be
sending me the doctor bills.
I haven’t seen one in weeks.
I’ll go by on my way home.
I’ll check in on her.
Thanks... Grandma.
Asshole.
♪♪ [ Hard Rock On Stereo ]
[ Dog Barking
In Distance ]
[ Man ]
♪ I ♪
♪ I know you ♪
♪ I know the things
you wanna do ♪
♪ I ♪
♪ I know you ♪
♪ I know the things ♪
♪ You wanna do ♪♪
[ Exhales ]
Long ride from
Charming to Oakland.
How come Easy Rider
meetin’ me face to face?
Assembly warehouse
burned down.
All the guns,
including your M4s,
blown to shit.
There’s zero balance due
on that hardware.
The shipment is gonna be
a little late.
That can’t happen.
Got a shipment
of my own coming in.
Very important cargo.
I’ve been doing business
with the One-Niners
for a long time.
I always respected
our arrangement.
I never sold gun one
to the Mexicans.
Now I need for you
to show me a little respect...
and give me a few more days
for delivery.
Don’t give a shit
about history or respect.
This is about business,
old man.
And I’m telling you,
brother,
giving me some more time–
really smart business.
[ Bell Tolling
In Distance ]
You got till Sunday.
I don’t get those
M4s by then,
there’s gonna be
some new black faces cruising
the streets of Charming.
And a burned-down warehouse
is gonna be the least
of your problems.
♪♪ [ Man Singing,
Indistinct ]
[ Rifle Clicks ]
♪ Scattered like shells
lost to the sea ♪
♪ Like the river
the days go rapidly ♪
♪ I have all these memories
I don’t know what for ♪
♪ I have them, and, man
I can’t help it ♪
♪ Some overflow
and spill out like waves ♪
♪ Some I will harbor
for all of my days ♪
♪ I burn like oil
You bloom like a flower ♪
♪♪ [ Continues ]
[ Man’s Voice ]
"For my sons Thomas, who’s
already at peace, and Jackson,
may he never know
this life of chaos."
♪ Our true love finds us
when it is time ♪♪
Just put it over–
Half Sack.
Huh?
Piney clogged the toilet again.
Jesus Christ. That guy shits
more than a grizzly, man.
It ain’t human.
Here, just put it right–
right here under the–
Yeah.
Where did you get
that name?
Huh?
Half Sack.
Oh, man. I got my left nut
blown off by an aper frag
in Iraq. Look at that guy.
Jesus Christ!
Put that deformed
nut bag away, will ya?
- Sorry, Clay. I was–
- Disappear. Go on.
[ Sighs ]
Find Jax.
Jax!
[ Knocking ]
[ Chibs ]
Hey, Jax!
We’re at the table.
Okay.
[ Man ]
♪ Writing’s on the wall ♪
Wendy!
Stupid junkie bitch.
I got one more day
out of Leroy, that’s it.
Niners are expecting
a huge heroin shipment.
The carbines
are for protection.
What happens if those Mayans
crash that dope party
with Leroy’s M4s?
We lose all
the Niner business,
buy ourselves a huge black–
That ain’t gonna happen.
[ Slams Fist Down ]
These Mexi-assholes
come into our territory.
They steal from us.
They shit
on our livelihood.
I don’t care who
we gotta grease or kill.
I want those
goddamn guns back.
[ Jax ] All right.
Me and Chibs will pull together
all our current intel
on the Mayans.
Juice, start hacking
into crime databases.
Get addresses of
any Mayans in the system.
Wherever you find
those guys, Bobby, I want
a fat man and little boy...
every inch of that
goddamn place.
- Bobby’s got Tahoe
this weekend.
- No, I’m canceling that shit.
- [ Voices Overlapping ]
- I should be able to decide–
You got two ex-wives
who already spent
the goddamn casino checks.
Last thing we need
is P.I.’s and lawyers
camping out out front.
And who’s gonna handle
the pyro, I’m not there?
Nobody blows up shit
better than Opie.
Opie’s leaning right
these days.
Opie’s gonna lean
any way we need him to.
You get him on board.
So you’re sure you’re okay
with me stepping away
from this?
Yeah, yeah.
Take the prospect
with you.
[ Sighs ] Yeah.
I’ll get him half laid.
[ Sniffing ]
What is that smell?
[ Car Horn Honking ]
Yo.
Oh, shit.
I tried calling you.
What is it?
I found these matches
next to a bunch of
her empty thumb bags.
Hairy Dog.
Shit.
It’s gotta be the Nords
dealing out of the Dog again.
Darby got out of Chino
two weeks ago.
Yeah, well,
call that Nazi prick.
Set a meeting.
What the hell happened?
When was the last time
you saw her?
Couple of weeks.
Her hands and feet
were full of tracks.
Toxicology reports
aren’t back yet, but
it’s most likely crank.
The baby?
We had to do
an emergency C-section.
He’s 10 weeks premature.
Holy shit.
Come on.
Let’s sit down, and
I’ll walk you through it.
Just tell me.
He’s got a congenital
heart defect...
and gastroschisis–
a tear in his abdomen.
The gastro
and the early birth
are from the drugs.
But the C.H.D.
is probably–
The family flaw.
Yes, it’s genetic.
Either one would be serious,
but not life-threatening.
However,
the two of them together–
Dr. Namid gives him
a 20% chance,
and... I’m afraid
that’s being optimistic.
Oh, my God.
She never wanted
to talk to me.
I didn’t know.
Her O.B. said she missed
her last three appointments.
No one knew.
Dr. Namid wants
to fix his belly first.
Then if he stabilizes,
he’ll go in and try
to repair the heart.
I’m sorry, Jax.
I can take you
to see him now.
Tara.
You don’t have to do this.
I’m sure you got
other patients.
I asked Dr. Namid
if I could assist.
I want to help your son.
His name is Abel.
It’s a good name.
- Jax?
- Jackson?
Go with Tara.
I got something to do.
Watch his back.
♪♪ [ Rock On Jukebox ]
[ Chattering, Laughing ]
Sell crank to
my pregnant ex-wife?
[ Groaning ]
- Easy, boys.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
I think you made your point.
Stupid peckerwood
shithead!
[ Spits ]
Enjoy your lunch.
Shish ka-balls are on me.
[ Groaning ]
[ Man ]
♪ ’Cause we don’t know
when to stop ♪
♪ We don’t know when to stop ♪
♪ I try and I try
but I can’t get enough ♪
♪ I won’t fail you
You won’t be believed ♪
You okay?
Yeah.
I’m gonna
go find Ope.
All right.
[ Starts Engine ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
So everybody’s saying
it was a gun factory...
that blew up out
by the streams last night.
Mayans hit us.
Stole our M4s.
We need you.
- For what?
- Bobby’s got a gig
this weekend.
No way, man.
We gotta get
in and out fast.
You’re the only guy
that can pull it off.
You think I wanna be here
chippin’ wood for shit pay?
I made a promise to Donna.
I’m earning straight.
Come on, Opie.
We all earn straight.
I spend 40 hours a week
with a goddamn
power tool in my hand.
When you’re on Clay’s payroll,
everything in your hand
is a power tool.
You saying no to the club?
Everything
turned to shit
since I got out.
I’m in debt
up to my eyeballs.
My kids
hardly know me.
I even mention Sam Crow
to Donna, she’s gonna
bust out crying.
Look, man,
if you need money–
I don’t want to borrow.
I want to earn.
Your family’s
just gotta adjust to you
being around again.
Kids have gotta get used
to how ugly their dad is.
[ Chuckling ]
Donna knows
what the life is.
You leave a woman alone
for five years,
two kids,
the only thing that she knows
is that she doesn’t
want it to happen again.
[ Whistles ]
Break’s over!
Let’s go!
Let me know
when you need me.
What’s the, uh,
Nord’s roster
looking like these days?
Fifteen, 16 guys.
A few new kids breaking in.
Same extreme hate shit.
Still got meth labs
outside of Lodi.
Selling mostly to truckers,
some of the Mexi gangs.
You think
they’s steppin’ up?
Hmm.
Only two things feel good
in the joint.
That’s jerking off,
and thinking about all the shit
you’re gonna do
when you get out.
Darby’s been in there
for three years.
I just want to make sure
all his big shot dreams
ended up in his come rag...
and not on his
"to do" list.
[ Laughter ]
How’s his guy doing?
Fractured cheek,
broken nose,
left nut swinging solo.
Yes, it was beautiful!
That’s me boy!
Yeah. He’s lucky
to be breathin’.
So, uh,
any luck up north?
Tacoma can help
with the Glocks, but
there’s no M4s anywhere.
Washington State,
Oregon, Nevada–
Nobody’s got stock, man.
We’ll have all the
Mayan intel by the morning.
We’ll get our guns back.
Oh, yeah, we will.
Treasury?
[ Bobby ]
All the bills are paid.
Bar is stocked.
Uh, run fund is covered
for the next two months.
Tig’s the only man
who owes me dues.
I’m a little short.
Catch you next week.
Guess those little
Thai boys are
getting expensive, huh?
Yeah, they are.
How about I slit your eyes
and have you suck my dick?
[ Men Gasping, Taunting ]
All right, all right.
Anything else?
[ Piney ]
Yeah. I, uh–
I just wanna say to Jackson
on a club level,
the Sons of Anarchy,
the Redwood Original,
is here for you.
Your father
would be proud of
the man you’ve become.
Every time I see you
sittin’ at this table,
hell,
I do a double take.
It’s probably just
the weed, Pop.
[ Laughter ]
Probably.
I bet it is, yeah.
Anyway,
whatever you need, son,
it’s yours.
Thank you, Piney.
Thanks, boys.
Meetin’ closed.
Here you go, Clay.
Thanks, kid.
Bourbon?
[ Bobby ]
Yeah.
What the hell is that smell?
Uh, God, I–
I smell it too.
[ Sniffing ]
It’s that box.
What is it?
I don’t know.
Oh, damn it!
[ Clay ]
Fuck!
Jesus!
That’s-That’s mine!
Are you out of
your goddamn mind?
No. I just–
You know, I thought, uh,
as like a surprise,
we could mount it in the club,
you know, like on the–
on the wall.
It’s gotta be stuffed
and treated, you idiot.
Yeah, I know.
I just–
Stuffed with what?
[ Laughter ]
♪♪ [ Hard Rock ]
[ Chattering ]
[ Cheering, Shouting ]
- Get up!
- Whoo!
♪♪ [ Man Singing,
Indistinct ]
Did, uh, Rosen
track down any real estate
for the rebuild?
Ten acres for sale
up North 84.
You know, structure industry.
Paint factories,
container yards.
Kick his ass!
Truckin’ in supplies,
it’ll look like
a regular business.
What’d happen
if we didn’t rebuild?
What do you mean?
Take the land profit,
put it in
somethin’ else.
Hey, I’m just thinking
about what’s best long-term.
We got heat with the Mayans.
A.T.F.
crawlin’ up our ass.
Might be time to look
at other ways to earn.
Yeah, well,
there’s a lot of shit
up in the air right now.
We’ll figure out
what the next move is.
- Bobby, break that shit up.
- All right, all right,
all right, all right.
No, no. Hey.
Put ’em down.
Hug it up.
You doin’ okay?
Yeah.
Your mom says you haven’t
been back to the hospital.
Don’t worry about
this Mayan shit. You need
to focus on your family.
Come on, man.
Don’t push me off this.
Look.
I know you’re all spun out
over Wendy and the kid.
Understandable.
It’s awful shit.
But your father and I,
we worked hard
to create this business.
We served time.
We lost brothers.
We spilled a lot of blood.
And you’re gonna
need this now
more than ever.
A sick kid–
It’s an expensive burden.
You want to do
the right thing by your family,
don’t you?
Yeah.
Of course.
Well, then go see your son.
All right.
[ Monitor Beeping ]
[ Sighs ]
I didn’t think
you’d wanna see me.
[ Sobbing ]
Everyone hates me.
I’m sorry, Jax.
I’m so sorry.
[ Sniffles ]
Please don’t hate me.
- You need to
get help, Wendy.
- I know. I know. I will.
I promise.
This time, I promise.
[ Sighs ]
The doctor said
Abel’s getting stronger.
He said maybe they would fix
his belly tomorrow.
Maybe tomorrow morning.
They’ll do everything
they can.
[ Exhales Sharply ]
My lawyer said they might
file criminal charges.
Fetal abuse.
- I got some stuff back at
the house in the stash drawer.
- Jesus Christ.
Just if they find that shit,
they’re gonna put me away.
You own the house, Jax.
I’d hate to see this
blow back on you.
Yeah, of course.
Jax, wait.
Please, please.
Jax?
Please, Jax.
[ Sobbing ]
It’s almost midnight.
[ Sighs ]
This place is
a goddamn pigsty.
Cleaning was never
her strong suit.
What are you doing here?
It’s my house.
You know what I mean.
I don’t want you
to see it this way.
[ Sighs ]
Mom, you don’t have
to do this.
Look, I just want
to get it livable.
Buy you some decent carpet.
Cigarette burns everywhere.
Mom–
Get you out of
that dorm room,
back home...
with your son.
Mom, for Christ’s sakes,
stop cleaning!
He’s not gonna
make it.
What are you–
What are you talking about?
What happened?
He was born
with half a stomach
and a hole in his heart.
He’s gonna die.
Don’t you say that!
You are the only one
this boy’s got.
You don’t believe he’s gonna
live, you might as well go down
there and kill him yourself.
I’m sorry.
You gotta
go see him, Jax.
I can’t.
Why?
’Cause he’ll
break your heart?
- It’s called being a father.
- For how long?
A day? A week?
[ Exhales ]
You know, you were born
with that same heart defect
your little brother had.
You seem pretty
sturdy to me.
I came through hell,
landed on my feet.
Your father was hit
by a goddamn semi.
Dragged 178 yards.
And that bastard lived
for two more days.
Tellers do not
die easy.
No.
We just die bloody.
That’s the Irish in us.
When you and Dad
hooked up,
he ever talk to you
about his vision?
About what he wanted
from the club?
His vision was,
you know,
what it is.
A brotherhood.
A family.
And running guns?
He want that?
He never talked
about that.
Why?
I found a box
of his old shit
in the storage unit.
There’s, like,
pictures and journals and...
things I never knew
about him.
What kind of things?
It seemed like
his original idea for the M.C.
was something simpler.
You know,
social rebellion.
He called it
a "Harley commune."
It wasn’t outlaw.
It was real hippie shit.
We had a lot of
bright ideas back then.
We were kids.
Your father became a man.
Men take care of business.
Yeah, we do.
You should get home, Mom.
Finish cleanin’ tomorrow.
I’ll lock up.
Okay, darling.
Night, Mom.
Night, baby.
How are the hands, baby?
Ah.
Just the damp.
Where you been?
Cleaning up at Jax’s.
[ Scoffs ]
Of course you were.
[ Patting Bed ]
Ah. All this stuff
with Abel’s...
pushin’ some
old buttons, huh?
It’s not my buttons
I’m worried about.
Jax is going through
some shit.
Yeah. I know.
Not just with the kid.
What do you mean?
He found a box of
John’s stuff in storage.
He was asking me about
his original vision
for the club.
Did he want to get
into running guns?
Tonight he said that
maybe we shouldn’t
rebuild the factory.
Shit. He’s
gettin’ chewed up
by that guilt.
Remorse is
a dangerous thing.
Look what Tommy’s death
did to John.
It changed him.
Made him soft.
You’ve gotta nail
Jax down.
You have to nail him
down hard, Clay.
Whatever it takes.
I don’t want the ghost of
John Teller poisoning him,
ruining everything we’ve built.
Nothing’s gonna
get ruined, okay?
Just don’t throw your panic
into high gear.
They respect him.
Jax is strong.
And when you
step down as pres–
Hey, hey!
I’m not going anywhere.
I know, baby.
I know.
It’s just–
When you can’t
ride anymore,
they’ll vote my son in
as president.
I just want to make sure
he’s following in the
right father’s footsteps.
Okay.
Okay?
[ Clay ]
A little "Get well" present
for your guy, Darby.
That’s some serious iron.
Izzy’ll like that.
Thank you.
Figured we’d give him
something that had
some balls.
I know what it’s like
running a crew.
Sometimes your guys do shit...
without thinking
things through.
My guys are thinking
just fine.
[ Jax ] They thinking fine...
when they sell crank
to my pregnant ex?
That was unfortunate.
How’s your little family
doin’ anyway?
All right, all right.
Everybody contain your shit.
Get off me!
- You done?
- Yeah.
Sorry, folks.
Go back to
your corn dogs.
Won’t happen again.
I made sure
the brotherhood...
had Opie’s back
every minute that
he was in Chino,
and you know that.
Oh, I know how it works
inside, Darby.
Question is, you remember
how it works outside?
- A lot changes in three years.
- A lot stays the same.
Nothing happens in Charming
we don’t control...
or get a piece of.
If we wanted a meth trade,
we’d have one.
We don’t.
You know the drill.
I mean, you can cook
all the crank you want
along the border.
But you do not deal
in Charming.
You know, we ain’t
the only cook shop in town.
Devil wants in, he’ll get in.
Well, then you got
your work cut out for you.
’Cause the next time
the devil crosses the border,
I’m comin’ after you.
And next time,
I’m not gonna use a .357
as a "get well" present.
There’s no need to be
making threats, brother.
Me and my boys...
have always managed to make
things work with Sam Crow.
Good.
Milk and cookies are on us.
Abel’s stomach surgery
went well. But it’s putting
a strain on his system.
Dr. Namid doesn’t want
to wait. Thinks we should
do the heart surgery now.
- That’s good, right–
that they’re not waiting?
- It’s the best choice, yes.
Thanks.
Can we talk?
What is it?
Wendy’s in
really bad shape.
She’s still detoxing.
Can’t stop crying.
And?
I was hoping maybe
you could talk to her.
Just let her know
she’s not all alone.
Trust me.
Nothing I’m gonna say
to that crank whore...
is gonna make her
feel loved.
Forgot just how forthright
you can be.
You forgot a lot
of things, sweetheart.
If you have a problem
with me assisting
on Abel’s case,
just say so.
You a good doctor?
Yes.
Then I don’t have
a problem.
Good. You know, people change.
I’m not the same girl
I was 10 years ago.
I am.
I guess
there’s some things
you can’t change.
I leave it there
so I remember
all that shit’s behind me.
Forgot just how clever
you can be.
[ Scoffs ]
Bitch.
Mayans got two shops
where they cut and bag
the heroin.
Twenty minutes
outside of Oakland, here.
Marcus Alvarez,
president of
the Oakland charter.
Owns both buildings
where they run
their dope operations.
The local cops
are on the payroll,
so it’s a no-hassle gig.
Which makes him lazy.
Alvarez don’t try too hard
to cover his tracks.
And he also knows that
we’d be on to the cut shops.
He wouldn’t take a chance
housing the M4s there.
Stores them someplace
off the grid.
Backtracked one of
Alvarez’s dummy corporations
in San Leandro...
along the U-Pac
rail line here.
Marcalva Industrial Storage.
Way off the grid.
Good work, kids.
What are you doing?
I gotta make a run.
What’s in the bag?
Nothing.
- You promised me you were done.
- It’s got nothing to do
with you, Donna.
- I’m the one who gets shit on
if you get caught again.
- It’s not gonna happen.
You sat in a cell
for five years while Clay
and the others got rich.
They sold you out.
You know that.
You’re just too weak
to stand up to them.
Give me the bag.
Give me the bag!
No!
- No! No!
- Donna–
- No! Stop!
- Stop it! Donna!
Come on, boys.
Let’s go inside.
Didn’t hear you pull up.
Parked down the block.
Didn’t wanna tweak Donna.
You catch all that?
Enough.
I think
she’s already tweaked.
Yeah.
Stay here.
I’ll handle the run.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I don’t show up,
Clay’ll chop off
both our dicks.
As soon as I leave,
take your kid
to the E.R.
Tell them she hit her head
or something. Just get
on record being there.
I’ll cover you
with Sam Crow.
What about the boom?
I watched you
do it before.
[ Chuckles ]
I’ll call you
on the prepay
if I need help.
- You sure about this?
- Go face your family.
Hey. Why didn’t you
tell me about your kid?
I didn’t know
what to say.
Still don’t.
♪♪ [ Hard Rock ]
[ Man ]
♪ Say you are and then
I’ll take the world ♪
♪ Because I
don’t feel resistant ♪
♪ Take the world for ♪
♪ Man ♪
♪ You’re looking like
the only one ♪
♪ Staring at the mountain
as I cross the land ♪
♪ Subterranean
southern man now ♪
♪ Man, you’re looking like
the only one ♪
Where’s Opie?
Kid got hurt. Had to
take her to the hospital.
I got the bag.
I can make it work.
It’s all good, brother.
♪ You’re an animal
See me coming, baby ♪
♪ She wants your body now ♪
♪ But she don’t understand ♪
♪ You’re an animal ♪
♪ See me coming, baby
She wants your body now ♪
♪ But she don’t understand ♪
♪ You’re an animal ♪
♪ See me coming, baby ♪♪
[ Microphone Feedback ]
How does that sound?
[ Man ]
That was good.
♪ I want you
to hold my hand ♪
That was beautiful, babe.
It’s all shook up.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪ [ Continues, Indistinct ]
[ Man ]
Bobby! Jesus.
- What are you doing here?
- Simon, what the hell is that?
I’m booked.
Tonight, tomorrow,
five shows.
I got a new girl in booking.
Dumb bitch doubled up my acts.
Yeah, well,
goddamn it, Simon.
Why don’t you just
tell Chung King
to take a hike?
I got six busloads of
Korean tourists coming in.
They love Asian Elvis.
I’ll get you next month, Bobby.
Better luck next time,
Bubba.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
[ Monitors Beeping ]
♪♪ [ Classical On Stereo ]
♪♪ [ Tejano On Stereo:
Faint ]
[ Asian Elvis ]
Uh, who is it?
The Colonel.
[ Grunts ]
Oh, sweet Jesus!
[ Grunting ]
[ Groans ]
Oh, help me, Mama!
Help me! Oh, sweet Jesus!
♪♪ [ Tejano Continues ]
Praise Jesus.
It’s a miracle.
And I’ve got
the rest over here.
Get the guns in the van.
Wire this shit hole up.
♪♪ [ Classical Continues ]
Shit.
- What the hell is the problem?
- Nothing. I just gotta
check something with Ope.
[ Tig ]
Guns are loaded.
What’s the holdup?
We got company.
Gotta be the Mayans.
Yeah.
- Get the van out of sight.
Lay low.
- Let’s go.
You, with me.
Open it.
[ Man ]
Check the electric panel
in the back.
Okay, man.
Shit. We should’ve
been long gone by now.
Well, we got the iron.
Let’s get the hell out of here.
I came to send a message.
Those two wetbacks see
that busted back door,
they’ll call for backup.
Blowing up shit’s
one thing.
We off these guys,
could trigger something
runs out of control.
Well, that’s the cost
of your mistake.
You got a problem
making it right?
I’ll draw ’em
to the Dumpster.
♪ When your bladder’s full
you gotta piss ♪
Hey.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
[ Spanish ]
♪♪ [ Singing,
Indistinct ]
Hey, hey, hey!
Tell your dirtbag buddies...
they camp out here,
they get some of this.
No bang-bang,
por favor.
You tell your dirtbag buddies,
they steal from Sam Crow,
they get some of this.
[ Tires Screeching ]
I got him!
Holy shit.
Go check the back.
Make sure that’s
all of ’em.
He’s all yours.
- [ Beeping Rapidly ]
- [ Tara ]
B.P.’s dropping.
[ Continuous Beep ]
Get the paddles.
Charging.
[ Man ]
Keep clear.
- Check the leads.
- Prepare to massage
the heart.
[ Speaking Spanish ]
[ Gunfire ]
[ Groans ]
[ Dogs Barking
In Distance ]
[ Groaning ]
I’m all right.
Got the vest.
Finish it.
It’s finished.
[ Chibs ]
Aw, Mary, mother of Christ!
I leave you bad boys
for two minutes,
and it all turns to shit!
We’re all good.
Let’s get out of here.
Clay. Look at this.
[ Jax ]
Darby’s guy.
[ Clay ]
Looks like Darby did make
some new friends in Chino.
White boy must’ve sucked
lots of brown dick.
Nords crew up
with the Mayans,
gives ’em numbers,
access to guns.
And a common enemy–
us.
Darby wants Charming.
[ Gunfire ]
There goes
the neighborhood.
[ Dogs Barking
In Distance ]
[ Woman ]
Sinus rhythm’s back.
O2 sats
are coming up.
♪♪ [ Tejano Continues ]
Candles in the cake.
Let’s go home.
♪♪ [ Man Singing
In Spanish ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
[ Van Door Slides Shut ]
- Hi.
- Hey.
Looks like the boy
might actually see
his first birthday.
He made it?
Oh, Abel, thank God.
Yes.
Thank you, God.
Maybe we should say
a little prayer.
Okay.
That’d be good.
Dear God,
thank you for saving
this boy...
from his murderous
junkie mom...
who cared more
about a $40 rush
than she did...
her own
flesh and blood.
Don’t you dare!
Don’t I dare?
You pathetic whore.
Guess the D.A.
was impressed with
your Bible studies.
I hear they’re not gonna
press charges.
When I check out of here,
I’m going to Promises.
Let’s just throw money
at those 12-step freaks.
How long is it
gonna last this time?
Six months?
Three?
A couple of weeks?
It’s gonna be different
this time. This time,
I have my baby to live for.
That’s where
you’re wrong.
You have no baby.
You lost
that privilege.
Hey!
And you so much as cast
a shadow on that kid,
try to turn some legal screw
and get custody,
I will finish this job.
He will never
call you "Mommy."
[ Coughs ]
[ Coughing ]
I suggest
you turn to Jesus.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Sobbing ]
Is he gonna be okay?
He looks good.
Clean yourself up, Jax.
♪ Wise men say ♪
[ Applause ]
♪ Only fools rush in ♪
♪ But I can’t help ♪
♪ Falling in love ♪
♪ With you ♪
♪ Shall I stay ♪
♪ Would it be a sin ♪
♪ If I can’t help ♪
♪ Falling in love with you ♪
♪ Like a river flows ♪
♪ Surely to the sea ♪
♪ Darling, so it goes ♪
[ Babies Crying ]
♪ Some things ♪
♪ Are meant to be ♪
♪ Take my hand ♪
[ Monitor Beeping Rapidly ]
♪ Take my whole life too ♪
[ Chattering ]
♪ For I can’t help ♪
♪ Falling in love with you ♪
♪ Like a river flows ♪
♪ Surely to the sea ♪
♪ Darling, so it goes ♪
♪ Some things
are meant to be ♪
♪ Take my hand ♪
♪ Take my whole life too ♪
♪ For I can’t help ♪
♪ Falling in love with you ♪
♪ Falling in love ♪
He’s perfect.
♪ With you ♪♪